START INSTRUCTIONS:
General DHQ Peer Review
Thank you very much for agreeing to review this submission! Your comments will not only help us make a decision about this article, but will also help the author revise it.  

Review Guidelines
Peer reviewers perform two important tasks: first, to ensure that the materials accepted for publication are of the highest quality, and second, to provide feedback that will guide the authors as they revise their articles. Peer reviewers thus act as the first audience for a submitted article and help the author to gauge whether the argument is clear, interesting, and well-crafted. 

This review process is intended to serve two central goals. First, the review helps us determine whether a submission is appropriate for publication in DHQ. To be appropriate for publication, a submission must fulfill the following criteria:

It must fall within the content domain of the journal (very broadly, digital humanities and related fields).
It must be addressed to an appropriate audience. The audience of DHQ is of course the digital humanities community, but it also extends more broadly to related domains and to the interested non-specialist: for instance, humanities faculty, digital artists, museum curators, archivists, and the like. DHQ articles should be clear without being elementary; they should not rely on insider knowledge, and they should situate their argument within a broader context of research.
It must have an argument, and it should represent an original contribution to the research and practice of the digital humanities field, or should offer an original analysis, critique, or viewpoint on some aspect thereof.
It must be well written, and must present its argument clearly and interestingly. (However, we can help the author improve the writing and argumentation, so a lack in this area is not necessarily a disqualification.)
Second, the review provides feedback to the author to assist him/her in improving the submission. Our assumption is that almost all submissions will benefit from some revision, and the goal of this review process is to help the author as much as possible with detailed, constructive criticism. Most of the review comments should be focused on how to improve the submission. Even if the paper is deemed not suitable for publication, the review should provide some feedback describing to the author where it goes wrong, so that they have a chance at improving should they choose to submit again. Our goal is to cultivate a thriving community and improve the overall quality of writing.

DHQ's peer review is blind but not strictly double-blind. The primary goal of the review process is to assist authors in improving their submissions, and to play an advisory role, rather than act as a gatekeeper. As a result, concealing the author's identity from reviewers is not as essential for DHQ as it is in other domains. We permit authors to anonymize their submissions if they choose. But given the nature of the DH community, it would be difficult to completely anonymize all submissions sufficiently for a truly double-blind peer review.  If authors decide to include personally identifying information in their submission, we ask our reviewers to provide feedback that is candid about the reasons for the review assessment. In cases of a genuine conflict of interest that makes constructive review impossible, reviewers should notify DHQ and decline the review request. Please contact the editors if you have questions or concerns.

The sections marked "Comments to the author" will be shared with the author, so please frame your comments constructively, and be as detailed as you can in suggesting how the article could be improved (even if you feel it is already very good).  
END INSTRUCTIONS:

What is the section outline of this submission?
Response:

What methodologies were used in this submission?
Response (50-150 words):

What are the chief strengths of this submission?*
Response (50-150 words):

What are the chief weaknesses of the submission?*
Response (50-150 words):

Please choose one of the following:*
 This paper is acceptable as it stands without changes
 This paper is acceptable as it stands with minor changes (does not need to be resubmitted for review)
 This paper has potential but needs significant changes (needs to be returned for revision and resubmitted for review)
 This paper is not appropriate for publication and should be rejected.

If you chose the "reject" option above, please check any of the following that apply:
 The paper is of insufficient quality or has unsalvageable flaws
 The paper does not fall within the domain of the journal
 The paper does not represent original work (has been published elsewhere, or reproduces the work of others)
 This paper is not ready for submission (unfinished, incomplete, rough)

Please rate the overall quality of the submission as an intellectual contribution (leaving aside issues of mechanics):*
 This paper is among the very best work being done in this field
 This paper is highly competent work
 This paper is competent but unremarkable
 This paper is flawed but interesting
 This paper is weak, insignificant, or substantially flawed
 Other (please explain below)

Please rate the submissions breadth of relevance:*
 This paper is of broad relevance to the entire field of digital humanities and to interested outsiders
 This paper is of broad relevance to the entire field of digital humanities
 This paper is of relevance to a significant subset of the field of digital humanities
 This paper is of relevance to one particular community within digital humanities
 This paper is highly specialized and of relevance to a handful of researchers

Does the paper need copyediting or assistance with the use of English as a foreign language?*

Comments for the author 1: Please  provide suggestions for improving the argument of the paper. Is the argument clearly stated and easy to follow? Are there weaknesses in the argumentation that could be fixed? Are the introduction and conclusion interesting, and if not, how could they be improved?*
Response (50-150 words):

Comments for the author 2:  Please provide suggestions for improving the research quality of the paper. Does the paper provide sufficient context for the research being presented? Does it cite appropriate prior work? Are there important references of which the author is unaware, that might affect the conclusions being presented? Has the author identified the useful boundaries of the research problem, or is it artificially limited? Are there further implications the author should explore?
Response (50-150 words):

Comments for the author 3:  Please provide suggestions for improving the address of the paper. Does it address its audience appropriately? Does it provide enough background for a non-specialist to appreciate the significance and relevance of the research, and if not, can you suggest ways of fixing this? Does it use avoidable jargon?*
Response (50-150 words):

Comments for the author 4:  Please provide suggestions for improving the overall organization and mechanics of the paper. Is it clearly written? Could it be improved by changing the order in which it presents evidence, arguments, etc.?*
Response (50-150 words):

